On False Data Injection Attacks against Distributed
Energy Routing in Smart Grid

Looks at attacks against distributed energy routing using false data injection.
They assume a static topology, know to each node.
Suply nodes, demand nodes, communication links, and energy links.
Try to satisfy everyone while minimizing cost of transmission.
Increase demand, decrease supply, and futz with topology as attacks.
Analyze effects formally and through simulation.  Show increased costs and potential outages.

---------------------

 NCS Security Experimentation using DETER


Integrate Networked Control Systems (NCS) and SCADA into their DETER framework
for network experimentation.
DETER's low level modeling and accuracy makes this possible, and realisitic
analysis of DDoS attacks on the smart grid w/ a high level of fidelity
possible.

-----------------

Modeling Load Redistribution Attacks in
Power Systems

Load redistribution attacks as a special case of false data injection with
immediate and delayed effects.  Lots of linear algebra.  Show how false data
injection can be invisible to current state estimation systems.

Their effective protection strategy amounts to noting that the goal is to 
make the attack detectable, and determining how many nodes they need to do 
so for a given state algorithm.  They don't actually concretely solve this 
problem, merely outline it.

--------------

A Taxonomy for Modeling Flexibility and a Computationally Efficient
Algorithm for Dispatch in Smart Grids

Buckets, batteries, and bakeries oh my!

Define each class, note that the goal is to dispatch all generated 
power at a given time step.

Their agile balancing algorithm works best according to their simulations.
Note: not really sure how they are coming up with PDispatch, they don't 
seem to say in the paper.

---------

Optimal Control in the Presence of an Intelligent Jammer with Limited
Actions

Considers a game between two players, one the controller of a power plant
the other the adversary.  Adversary has a limited number of jamming actions.
Find equilibrium strategies for both.  Both formally derive results and
back them up with simulation.  Lots of math.  Only analyze the case where the 
adversary can jam once, find that he should do so when the state space is
large.

----------

Security of Smart Distribution Grids:
Data Integrity Attacks on Integrated Volt/VAR Control and Countermeasures

Game theoretic model of data integrity attacks on line voltage readings, with
the goal of making the operator run the line at a higher than necessary
voltage.  Defines notions of stealthiness in this context, and presents a 
game theoretic model.  In particular, looks at capacitor configurations
at substations.  

---------

Cybersecurity for Critical Infrastructures:
Attack and Defense Modeling

Has a very in depth survery / related work section at the beginning.

Present a new algorithm for evaluation cybersecurity that considers
password policies and port auditing.  a lot of risk assesment work
around attack trees.

--------

Towards a Framework for Cyber Attack Impact
Analysis of the Electric Smart Grid

How to model the grid and its inter-dependencies as a graph,
taking into account functional information and constraints.

Proposes a methodology for doing impact analysis on smart
grids

---------

A Control and Communications Architecture for a Secure and
Reconfigurable Power Distribution System: An Analysis and Case Study

On how to do dynamic power distribution in a reliable fashion.
Not really a security paper, and in a "World Congress" which seems
dodgy.  Inclined not to cite.

-------

A Survey on Advanced Metering Infrastructure and
its Application in Smart Grids

Overview of AMI, networks, goals, communication technologies,
etc.  security section focuses on privacy of user data.

-----

Model-Based Attack Detection and Mitigation for
Automatic Generation Control

More on false data injection attacks.  Focuses on AGC (Automatic
Generation Control), which is responsible for modulating the frequency
of the grid.  Want to maintain 60HZ and keep lines at correct level.
Notions of balancing areas and tie lines.  They also look at detection
and mitigation.

Only skimmed.

------

Detection of False Data Injection
Attacks in Smart-Grid Systems

Magazine article on False data injection
attacks.  They use spatial-temporal correlations as a detection mechanism.
This seems somewhat fragile and prone to breakage (ie, just attack the entire
area).

-------

Vulnerability Assessment of Cybersecurity for
SCADA Systems Using Attack Trees

Oldish paper: 2007.  Title kind of says it all

--------

Cyber Intrusion of Wind Farm SCADA System
and Its Impact Analysis

fairly simplistic, looks at basic known attacks such at brute forcing a PIN
for authentication, or tapping fiber optics.  Then demonstrates that 
malicious commands that cause damage exists.  Who'd've thought?















































